welcome back clearly in a different
environment as you can probably tell and
if you're new here it's not New York
City anymore we're back home in Chicago
where I was born and raised today's
video is going to be a little different
than my usual Vlog considering it's the
end of the year I thought I would sit
down and show you guys all my favorite
things that I have discovered or used
continuously all throughout 2024 these
are things that I have repurchased time
and time again because of how much I
love it and cannot live without it I'm
going to break it down into categories
we're going to start off with beauty so
we're going to do skincare we're going
to do make makeup Hair Care a few of my
favorite books that I've read as well as
miscellaneous so anything that doesn't
fall into the previous categories so
let's just get right into it I'm not
going to mumble any further because I'm
really excited I want to preface by
saying I like to think of myself as a
minimalist as in I like to try new
things but if I find something that
works for me I stick to it so everything
that I'm showing you guys I truly love
and have been loving this is like my
favorites list solidified all right
let's start off with skincare now if you
guys have been watching me for a few
months now you know that I've been
struggling with acne before I broke out
this I had glass skin but I have a few
products that have been with me since my
clear skin days through my worst
breakout and that are still with me now
so the first product I want to mention
is castor oil I discovered this this
year I knew before that it was good for
your hair growth for Lashes brows but I
only discovered that castor oil is
actually such a good skincare ingredient
because it's super anti-inflammatory so
when you have these breakout castor oil
can act kind of first of all it can
repair Your Skin Barrier which is huge
in terms of dealing with breakouts I
also discovered and because it's
anti-inflammatory it helps with any acne
or pimples let me just tell you it works
miracles I take two three drops every
single night mix it in with my favorite
moisturizer and lather my face in it I
have seen pimples go away because of
this I've tried other pimple quick fixes
nothing beats Castoro even if you don't
have acne I highly recommend especially
for the winter time if your Skin's a
little bit
drier just okay castor oil she's my baby
and I think I'll be using it for the
rest of my life and always make sure
it's certified organic it's cold pressed
and that it's in a glass bottle okay
because otherwise it's not true castor
oil from what I understand next this is
the codal vinyl perfect brightening dark
spot serum I use this towards the end of
my first major breakout of the year I
noticed a huge difference as soon as my
acne started to go away and I was just
really dealing with
hyperpigmentation she was my savior it
also like smells really fresh the bottle
instructs you to use it both morning and
evening I just use it in the morning and
it makes your makeup look so so good
even if you aren't wearing makeup you're
SK will look a bajillion times better
just because of this in addition to the
cotal serum this is my tried and true
product for so long now I've been using
the serum probably for 3 years now and I
still love it so much this is the L Ro P
hyaluronic acid the B5 serum another
beautiful product to use on its own
nothing else underneath your makeup you
will look like a glowing goddess okay
I'm not wearing it right now but just
trust and it always like refreshes my
skin so well I think I've been through
over a dozen so just try it okay I've
tried other hyaluronic acid serums from
different brands I will always always
come back to the lower CH one that's it
next I used to be a myell water and
cotton round girly when I would take off
my makeup that's what I would use but I
found it to be really harsh on my skin I
feel like I was really aggressive it
wasn't doing it for me I discovered
these I bought these on Amazon they came
in a 12pack and they're these microfiber
makeup removing towels I literally just
take it run it under the faucet under
some like hot or warm water I use it to
wipe off my makeup after I apply hobo it
I don't use my cellar water anymore and
it is amazing I feel like my skin has
highly improved because of this it's
less dried out when I take off my makeup
I used to find that taking off my makeup
with my cell water just really dried it
out not anymore and these are super soft
and gentle on your skin so I highly
recommend okay next up I deal with
terribly terribly dry hands in the
winter it's a yearly occurrence and it
really sucks if you have a Trader Joe's
near you please run and get you the
ultra moisturizing hand cream especially
if you struggle with super dry hands
like me or just dry skin in general I've
tried so many different hand creams and
lotions and potions and Vaseline aquafor
nothing beats how amazing this is this
is something that my family has used for
years my sister used to have really dry
hands when she was a child so this has
been something that my family and I have
been using for years on end this year
specifically I think I like really fell
in love with it because in my New York
apartment I have like four of these
empty tubes sitting in my nightstand
drawer there was like a a pumpkin spice
scent it was a guava scent that I have
this is the original I just love it it
actually works wonders on my hands I
applied it before I started filming I'm
not sure if this qualifies as skinc care
or makeup but I'm going to include it in
the skincare portion or I guess the like
selfcare portion this is the UK lash
eyelash serum I've tried other eyelash
serums before I like to try a lot of
different products and then when I find
something I really stick to it and I can
say that I will not be steering from my
UK lash I'm already on my second tube
after taking a long long break I don't
recommend using lash serums continuously
give your lashes a break especially if
they have grown out I've tried the
Grande lash found that was insanely
irritating this is not irritating and it
actually makes your lashes grow out
evenly I found with other lash serums my
lashes would grow out like in super
weird lengths not equal at all it just I
looked a mess this actually does a good
job let's talk SPF because SPF is so so
incredibly important this is something
that's a recent addition but I can
confidently say that it will be staying
in my routine for a long time this is
the Ilia super serum skin tint with SPF
40 highly recommend everyone to use SPF
even in the winter time don't stay away
from it okay you'll thank me later this
has nicomide s squalene and hyaluronic
acid you won't need Foundation you won't
need concealer you can just walk out
with this half the time that's what I do
I just slather this on my face it looks
like I have full coverage makeup while
still having super glowy skin I'm just
I'm in love with it and I love anything
that provides a good sunscreen
protection cuz we want to have beautiful
skin for the rest of our lives don't we
this is something I don't think I've
ever seen anybody talk about this is the
polite Society big big mouth lip
Plumping oil gloss I discovered this
randomly at Ulta one time and I fell in
love this actually works insanely well
and it stings really bad initially it's
just a clear gloss but it works
wonderfully I'm huge on lip products and
that is something that I just I love so
much I just repurchased recently
literally like 2 days ago next up is the
kosas reveal concealer I love this stuff
so much it also has hyaluronic acid in
it I think that's my favorite skincare
ingredient if you haven't you know
picked up on that already it is so
creamy so smooth without it being like
super thick and heavy it still does a
really good job at concealing whatever
you want to conceal or just brightening
up your face whatever it may be so this
is the only concealer I used this entire
year I just kept repurchasing over and
over again my lips are currently
stinging by the way they're stinging
they're burning it's doing its job then
also for foundation I never used to be a
Foundation girl I just was like
terrified of it for some reason like I
felt like I couldn't find something that
I actually really loved my mom helped me
pick out this in New York when I went
for the first time with her this year I
have not purchased any other Foundation
or used any other Foundation since this
is the Dior backstage face and body
Foundation such a perfect consistency I
love when makeup feels a little bit like
skin care as in it's not just like heavy
makeup and it makes your skin look
natural and glowy and beautiful while
still providing coverage if you want it
I love it so much I'm currently wearing
it right now it's flawless I love it I
just I have no other way to describe it
besides beautiful gorgeous stunning so
if you're looking for a new Foundation I
highly recommend you guys trying again
super lightweight but still good
coverage it never leaves me feeling
cakey or flaky or dry and that's
something I used to think about
Foundation all the time and now I don't
she's changed my mind next up this is
something that's a little bit more of a
recent addition to my routine but I am
also in love with this is the makeup by
Mario soft sculpt transforming skin
enhancer this is in the shade light
medium am a bronzer over Contour girl
all day every day and this is what I
recently am obsessed with it is like the
creamiest but so subtle like look at
that it is just beautiful it Blends into
the skin so nicely so seamlessly and it
always gives me like a natural bronze
that's clearly still evident and shows
on my face I love this product so much
lastly for makeup I only have one with
me right now because I'm home but it is
the Nyx professional makeup lip liners
I'm obsessed with these this one isn't
the shade nutmeg and when I find a lip
combo that I'm obsessed with it always
involves one of the Nyx lip liners this
is the shade nutmeg and I've been using
this a lot recently with my road lip
tint that I got in the shade cinnamon
roll which is like a brown shimmery lip
gloss such a beautiful warm spicy Brown
lip liner my other favorite NYX lip
liner is my trid and true mahogany that
is the shade name and it is so gorgeous
I usually pair it with my Dior lip oil
which is also in the shade mahogany it
is the perfect lip combination it's like
more of a dark berry obsessed with that
lip liner I've put so many of my friends
on it my sister my best friend my other
girlfriends everybody loves it I feel
like it's a good Universal shade so
definitely check out the shade mahogany
if you want to know my like go-to lip
combo all right let's move into Hair
Care these products this is my go-to
routine this right here is all I will
ever need I think for the rest of my
life let's start off with hair oil the
best hair oil to exist ever this is the
Keras Elixir UL team hair oil it's
literally it's done for she's empty
there's nothing left I've been through
so many of these tiny little bottles
because I love to buy my products in
travel sizes it's like not too thick
it's not too thin it always gives a nice
beautiful shine obsessed with this I use
it dry hair wet hair before styling
after styling you name it and it smells
smells Divine next up the living proof
Flex hairspray this apparently has heat
protection which I only recently read on
the bottle if you're looking for a
hairspray that is not sticky or too
stiff leaving your hair feeling kind of
gross this is the one for you I think
it's all on the name Flex hairspray love
living proof so much I also love their
dry shampoo but this is something that I
always always use I have naturally curly
hair but I've been straightening my hair
a lot blowing it out a lot and I find
that this hairspray works so beautifully
on heat styled hairstyles speaking of
heat styling one product I cannot live
without and you guys have probably heard
of so many times is the Color Wow Dream
Coat I get the extra strength version
I'm not really sure why I've used the
original strength but I find like the
more the more strength the better you
know what I'm saying like Okay less
frizz sign me up sign me up I have seen
my hair heat styled before without using
this product there is such a difference
you guys don't even understand this
really provides this like anti- frizz
anti-humidity beautiful Sleek hairstyle
that every girl wants it's literally
just a cheat through this product and
maybe a little bit of the kerastas hair
oil and Edition it's like blinding you
guys I'm so sorry but I'm obsessed with
this I've been through an insane amount
of bottles of this I've been through
many sizes the original size obsessed
I've even tried the curly hair one but
nothing beats this baby love her for
hair gel anytime that I do slick backs
or if I go to the gym and want my hair
to be out of my face and slicked away or
I just have like really annoying baby
hairs Crown ofir finishing gel it smells
so good you don't even understand I
discovered this at the beginning of the
year and this is the same bottle from
like January and it's only now about to
like run out you don't even need to use
that much I find and it's super
lightweight I don't like super heavy
gels on my hair and I find that this is
like the best product I found for that
and it provides a really nice beautiful
Sleek hairstyle slash look then for pre
wash treatments and growing my hair and
keeping my hair healthy I love rosemary
oil I highly recommend this the Rosemary
mint sculpt and hair strengthening oil I
do this part of my pre-wash hair oiling
routine to grow my hair and to have a
healthier scalp I've heard so many
people talk about it and it's for a good
reason it's an amazing hair oil I've put
my mom on this I've put my sister on
this and I've actually noticed a
difference in my hair strength and
growth you have to be consistent with it
it's not going to be like your hair
grows 3 in overnight I wish that was the
case but it does work so highly
recommend lastly another product I've
put my mom and my sister on is the Lush
super milk I was influenced by Leah from
love Island if you guys know that's how
this product basically blew up and it
smells oh my God if you want to walk
around being complimented that you smell
delicious this is all you need this is
all you need like I can't
even it's like sweet but not so much
that you're like gagging you know what
I'm saying it's like a little coconuty
brown sugary I would say a little bit of
lemon it's like refreshing and sweet and
yummy like you can't get enough and it
actually makes your hair really soft too
so I apply this on wet hair you walk
around Turning Heads because of how good
it smells I'm not kidding that wraps up
hair I think that wraps up all of beauty
let's dive a little bit now into books
that I've read in 2024 I didn't read as
many books as I wish I did but that's
okay we always have next year and I did
read a good amount to tell you guys my
favorites I'm going to start off with
the books I actually have with me to
show you guys these fall under the
spiritual SL I guess you could say self
growth self-help genre I am huge on man
in I love reading books surrounding that
topic anything that can kind of like
clear up the process even more because
it can there's so much information
online and I feel like it can get a
little confusing or overwhelming and
there's like so many different things
you have to do not really so these two
books I found helped simplify the
process and really explain what
manifesting is and how you can do it
this is the first book I read on
manifesting this year and I think I'm
going to reread it soon because it was
so so good it's manifest seven steps to
living your best life by Roxy nafousi my
mom gave this to me she does such a good
job at explaining how to manifest how to
persist and it kind of gives you like
actionable Steps so it's not just giving
you a bunch of like random information
it tells you like what you can do you
know you have to cultivate self- Lov
practice gratitude take action like
things like that and then she also gives
her personal stories so I really loved
it it was such an easy pleasurable read
it wasn't like too much heavy
information thrown at your face and it
was also really inspiring so I really
loved it I also think it's a quite a
cute coffee table book and then this
this is the universe has your back by
Gabrielle Bernstein she goes through her
own personal Journey how she was
battling severe drug and alcohol
addiction and how she thought she would
never get past it she tells a story of
her personal life and how she got into
her own spiritual journey and eventually
found success and like true inner peace
and joy and love within her life I'm
kind of just like going off the back of
my head because I don't remember I read
these at the beginning of the year but I
just remember being so impacted by them
she talked a lot about synchronicities
and just seeing that around
understanding that things are working
out for you and this book helped me so
much through the time that I was
apartment hunting with my dad if you
guys know like the story My moved to New
York and that it was not easy at all
this book really helped me kind of just
like Stand My Ground and understand and
trust that everything was going to be
okay so it helps a lot with like my
anxiety surrounding it um and just other
things in life I think this is such a
nice beautiful beautiful book to read
highly recommend if you guys are
interested in those type of things if
not I also read quite a few fiction
books just for like pleasure and fun
this year my first favorite was
everything I Know About Love by Dolly
alderton I think that is the perfect
book for any girl in her 20s to read or
like late teens early teens it doesn't
really matter I think even like as an
older woman it's just such a beautiful
book and she kind of just goes through
her life living in England and all the
different stages that I feel like
basically every girl kind of goes
through and just navigating like love
relationships friendship it's just such
a funny story of someone's life but it's
also so beautiful and it was such a good
read I devoured it I absolutely loved it
and then the second book that I also
really loved was Girl by Camille
Lawrence that was about a girl who grew
up in France in I believe like the 1940s
and it was just taking you through her
life her experiences as a girl
especially in a society in a time where
they see girls as less than and not as
valuable I guess you could say I was
also just really attached to the
character and her way of thinking and
her way of Storytelling you're living
her life through her eyes which I really
loved and and I also loved that it was
set in France I don't know why I'm so
attracted to books like that I'm
terrible at explaining books I cannot
for the life of me I've said this before
but those were two books fictionwise
that I really really love okay now let's
go quickly into clothing SL jewelry I've
gotten questions about my silver hoops
that I wear over and over again these
are from Nordstrom Rack I've repurchased
I think this is like my second pair cuz
I lost my original pair but I love these
so much I liter it's just from the
Nordstrom Rack brand it's not like a
specific brand sold at Nordstrom Rack
the tag is just exactly that Nordstrom
Rack I love them they're just like my
go-to two everyday staple silver hoops
and I also love these bangal from hay
Harper what I love about them is that
they're waterproof I've worn these on
vacation and water before in pools and
at the beach I believe they're called
The Rachel bangal and I think they're
just such a Chic little everyday jewelry
I wear these basically every single day
if I'm wearing bracelets I'm wearing
these bangal so I love those for jewelry
now for clothing I discovered these at
the beginning of the summer I like to
say I was early to the trend cuz I think
they blew up like shortly after on T Tok
or something like that it's the garage
tank tops I think this is the first one
I bought these are the most perfect
basic tank tops ever they suck you in
and they're so comfortable I literally
just wear them on their own sometimes or
underneath they're absolutely perfect I
bought another one in white because you
can never I guess have too many I don't
know and then I recently got this one in
black I love them so much they're so
flattering on they're only believe $22
and people say that they're exactly like
the tank air tank tops that are also
super like loved but around $70 so
highly recommend these I love them so
much I wear them a little bit too often
but bang for my buck and staying on the
topic of Basics this is something I've
had for the past year and a half and
I've repurchased this is the skims
Cotton Jersey long sleeve I get mine in
the size extra small it is the most
comfortable top I could ever own
especially for the winter time this is
something that I often layer underneath
my sweaters because it's just like an
extra source of warmth that's the fun
thing about Basics you can wear it on
its own you can wear it with something
else it's like the perfect long sleeve
that's all I can say about it so that's
what I love for clothing and jewelry now
let's move on to our last section of
miscellaneous items bear with me we're
almost through I've gotten questions
before on how I make my matcha and I
will show you guys a more in-depth
tutorial but this is the matcha that I
use it's the naoki fine Japanese matcha
I get this from Amazon I've tried a few
different matcha Brands before like
ceremonial gray I've even bought matcha
in Japan like in Kyoto Japan but this is
my favorite one I don't know I just keep
coming back to it love it so much I love
it's a tiny little pouch I find like the
little tin cans just run through really
quickly this is around the same price as
the tin cans but I think yeah definitely
more it just tastes good to me I don't
know love this Macho so highly recommend
if you guys are looking for any matcho
recommendations then for tea I became a
tea addict this year and I used to hate
tea I never really liked it I thought it
was just like boring I don't know and
the one tea that I have become obsessed
with is the dandelion chai probiotic tea
I can never find it in store and
sometimes not even on Amazon it's
literally just tea like why would I
gatekeep tea like that's stupid but I
can never find it so when I do I love it
I became obsessed with dandelion leaf
and root tea when I first broke out this
year I drank like four cups a day a day
religiously and I actually noticed such
a big difference in my skin it has
anti-inflammatory properties and health
properties it also helps a lot with
liver and kidney Health now I just drink
it for pure pleasure I don't really like
the actual Taste of Dand line root tea I
find it a little bitter so when I
discovered this it was like music to my
ears because it tastes like chai It's a
little bit cinnamony a little bit spicy
so comforting so warming and it also
really helps after I eat if I ever feel
like super bloated or anything this one
has like probiotic and it literally says
supports healthy digestion I make two
cups of this basically every single
night it's just in a big mug two cups of
water two tea bags my little nighttime
ritual love this tea and then I've also
talked about this multiple times before
it is the 5minute journal by intelligent
change I've been doing this for so many
years now I just recently bought a new
one I fill it out every morning and
every evening when I wake up when I go
to sleep and it always has a little
quote what's crazy is that there's been
mornings where I wake up I read the
quote and I'm like how is that relating
exactly to how I'm feeling this morning
or to what I've been going through
recently and why is that exactly what I
needed to hear so I love that it's like
a little synchronicity that I I don't
know I appreciate and it just helps you
start off your day beautifully by
writing three things you're grateful for
what would make today great so I always
write like maybe something that I want
to happen or if I know I have a plan
later I write down how I would like it
to go usually comes true and then I have
a daily affirmation that you can write
and then you reflect on your day
highlights of your day I love reflecting
on like what went well every day it's
just fun to kind of be like oh that was
a good day today was a good day and then
what did I learn today so it's just such
a good everyday ritual to have and to be
in tune with myself with yourself kind
of random but I cannot sleep without a
sleep mask I sleep like a baby with one
and this is from the brand slip
specifically my mom got got this for me
and my sister each last Christmas and I
am obsessed with it it's a silk sleep
mask and I just I love it so so much
I've had other ones but this one in
specific because it's like Silk and like
it's a cutesy little champagne color so
I cannot sleep without a sleep mask F
fact I kind of look psycho and then I
have a silk Bonnet to like protect my
hair I look crazy I look crazy at night
but you know what it's all for a good
reason and then lastly this is kind of
just like my little personality tra I
don't know why I just feel so shake with
it it's a Chanel compact Beauty me
mirror I love just being like
this no not actually that would be like
kind of crazy but I keep this in all of
my bags like I always make sure to
transfer it between bags whenever I
leave the house always have it on me
apply my lip liner whatever it may be
and I just feel so elevated and Chic and
feminine and cute and groy with this so
this is just like a personal little
favorite it's not something I would say
is necessary but I love her so I thought
I should include her I think that
concludes everything if you actually
made it through this entire video and
watched all of my favorites I hope you
took something away from this video If
you guys enjoy this video maybe I'll do
a 2025 favorites but that's quite a Time
ahead and if you're watching this before
or around the holidays Happy Holidays to
you I hope you have a lovely time thank
you for watching again and I will see
you guys in my next video love you
[Music]